[IMP] accounting: VAT reporting with duplicate VAT IDs (#17629)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/accounting/reporting/tax_returns.rst

   You can find additional information about VAT and its mechanism on this page from the European
   Commission: `"What is VAT?" <https://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/business/vat/what-is-vat_en>`_.

.. warning::
   Different contacts sharing the same VAT ID may result in an incorrect VAT report. If your

>    contacts are related (ex.: related partners, divisions within a same company, etc), consider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   contacts are related (e.g., related partners, divisions within the same company, etc.), consider
```

   using :doc:`parent-type and children-type contacts

>    <../../../../applications/essentials/contacts>` for related partners or divisions within a same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   <../../../essentials/contacts>` for related partners or divisions within a same
```
Audrey spotted that the [relative link](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/master/contributing/documentation/rst_guidelines.html#relative-links) was wrongly formed - even if the link is working ;)

>    company.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning::
   Different contacts sharing the same VAT ID may result in an incorrect VAT report. If your
   contacts are related (e.g., related partners, divisions within the same company, etc.), consider
   using :doc:`parent-type and children-type contacts
   <../../../../applications/essentials/contacts>`.
   
```
I think it's best not to repeat the example
